link to finished codepen 

https://codepen.io/matt-sexton/pen/VwazoPo?editors=1100


<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Clearly tells something about the content. Names, Classes, ID's
    2. What is HTML used for?
    Add's all the real content to a page. defines and catagorizes it 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes can add aditional information, links and should always be in the beginning of the tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It's the main header. Use only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    h1 and possibly nav 
    7. What is an id? 
    unique identifier that can only refer to an individual element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    h1, section, id, div...
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    one
    10. What is a class? 
    like an id, but can be used multiple times accross the page
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    span, h1,h2, div...
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    provides a description of the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id{}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is a larger part of the page. can be multiple div inside
    17. What is CSS used for?
    making the page look pretty. formatting, color 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    classes used multiple times, id only one time. an id to mark the start of a specific topic. all h1-h6 could have a single class
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    specifies to only change something to an element (child) when it is inside another element (parent)
***23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div > 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    can be used anywhere in a document to either add content or apply the same affects as in hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: 123;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 123;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase,lowercase,capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    .div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* asdfasdfasdf */
***31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm thisfile.txt perm delete and doesn't ask for permission
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    after changing/adding a specific part. Added functionality to A. Tweaked functionality to B
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin matt-sexton
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
     


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 